[Music]
hey guys this is pretty cool this is the
kind of thing that I don't often have
the opportunity to take a look at this
is the TF 500rs from Thrustmaster and
the difference between the RS and the
non RS is that the non RS is the one
that I would personally be interested in
because it's compatible with PC as well
but this is the ps3 only one other than
that they are pretty much the same idea
so we're going to start by getting it
opened up because this is going to be a
bit of an ordeal to open because it's
big and it's heavy
in fact that's even a selling point of
the device in the first place it's one
of the things that Thrustmaster puts
right on the front of the box it's heavy
which it better be for how much it costs
I guess so if you're looking at in terms
of like dollars per pound then you know
you could go to XE comm and you can find
out what the actual exchange rate is or
you could just I'm just kidding that's a
little that's a little exchange rate
humor I think is I think is an
underdeveloped an underdeveloped field
of inmate in the humor scientist
Sciences basically I'm just stalling
guys I'm just stalling I'm trying to get
the box open and figure out what we've
got to deal with here and I wanted to
talk about how Frost faster does call
out specifically the weight of their
pedal set right on the front fifteen
point four pounds for the 100% metal
pedal set it also has two positions GT
and Raleigh or f1 so you can actually
switch it around to mount it either this
way or this way and it looks like this
is the one that comes out of the box so
let's actually know I'm going to get it
D pakka five and then we'll be back in a
second so why would you pay more for a
racing wheel the simple answer is build
quality so yes all-metal extremely
rugged construction great feedback on
the pedals it actually feels like
pressing on a brake as opposed to just
being a piece of plastic that doesn't
feel like pressing on a brake these are
fully removable which is really cool so
you can
we customized the whole unit quite a bit
according to your particular preferences
so there's your so gas brake and clutch
all have different tensions so that they
feel a gently different now switching
between the two different modes is
actually really simple all you have to
do is flip it like this use the included
allen key to move the diamond plate down
to the bottom and then you are in the
other mode and then I guess you can I
guess you just have to switch around
through the software the functionality
and then you can actually switch the
pedals over like that that's really cool
so okay the bottom can also be fully
taken apart and rearranged according to
how you want see they've even got wing
nuts on there as opposed to you know
building it with rivets or hex screws or
you know stuff they don't want you to
take apart because they don't want you
to see how it's built tends to be
riveted together not the case so you got
a nice big rubber non-slip grip e pads
six of them on this one and four of them
here so you shouldn't have any problems
with it moving around while you're
trying to use it and the pedals connect
to the top via um what is that RC R RJ
RJ 11 is that what it's called whatever
the phone jack one okay so let's put
that down for now man it's heavy and now
we get to the meat and potatoes of this
particular unit which is the actual meal
itself so it has a little base station
standing guy here which goes like that
I'm not actually going to install it for
the time being you've got all the
hardware pieces that you may or may not
need you've also got the huge power
brick why is there a huge power brick
with this wheel and the reason is quite
simple there is a 3000 rpm motor inside
here that gives you a variety of
different things it gives you the
responsiveness and the torque necessary
for much better force feedback then
you're going to find on a less expensive
racing wheel it also gives you that
responsiveness so Wendy when the motor
spinning faster you get a quicker
response depending on what it's trying
to do than it would if the motor was
spinning slower so you get that you also
get ah
and extremely well-built racing wheel
here so you've got 10 buttons overall I
believe on the outside these are 18
centimeter shifters so that pretty much
no matter where you are in your steering
you can actually shift them they're also
affixed to the base which has a couple
of advantages one is it's not going to
move the wheel around when you're trying
to when you're trying to press on them
so you're not going to accidentally
shift a little bit number two is it
gives you the flexibility to upgrade
your wheel so you can actually
completely remove the wheel and replace
it with something when an upgrade is
available in the future that's something
that they have built in as functionality
with this unit um all right let's talk
about the wheel a little bit more so
it's got a very grippy feeling outside
but there's a little bit of slide as
well basically it feels like a steering
wheel which is the complaint that I have
about some of the some of the steering
wheels that I've encountered in the past
that just don't really feel like a
steering wheel it's big like a steering
wheel as opposed to again being small
and not really feeling like a real
steering wheel in terms of buttons this
is the ps3 exclusive ones so it's got
you know PlayStation buttons r2 l2 d-pad
and then the triangle squared damages
who has and then there's also your
additional ones down here and you can
switch between modes down here as well
give me a sec guys
so more about the wheel itself it can
actually do three full turns
so 1080 degrees rotation which means you
are not limited to you know driving your
car like in your mario kart style no you
can actually turn the wheel when you're
trying to turn the car which is very
cool as well now they talk a quite quite
a bit about the the powerful quick
responding force feedback but what's
equally important if you're going to
have powerful force feedback is having a
way to stop it so it has a rigid
motorized stopper no matter what angle
of rotation you've selected it will be
able to respond the way that the game
intends in the way that the car would
have intended assuming the game is an
accurate representation of the car which
not all of them are but some of them are
pretty close I'm given to understand so
right okay fluid move action silent
system seems to be not very loud
although I don't own a ps3 so I actually
have no way of verifying
right the size of the wheels 12 inches
so if you guys don't want to see an
iPhone comparison then I'll just tell
you in real real measurements it's 30
centimetres or 12 inches and sorry there
were 12 12 buttons not 10 that was my
mistake before oh right then piece in
the middle so this is actually brushed
aluminum and looks really sharp so you
got the rubberized outside and then the
brushed aluminum inside and the shiny
again inner piece here it looks very
very sharp although I think you guys can
clearly see that for yourself now in
terms of mounting mechanisms you got
your rubber grip enos here you got a way
to mount it to the bottom of something
here you've got a variety of different
mounting options so yeah it's big
yeah takes up space in your house but if
you are a racing enthusiast then it is
probably a compromise that you are
willing to make though I think that
pretty much wraps it up it does have
internal memory so you can upgrade the
firmware which is something I've
forgotten all right no last thing 65,536
like data points or poling points or
positions around the wheel so what that
means is okay basically here's the
extreme examples if you're using a d-pad
to play a racing game you know how you
kind of in order to get like a like a
sorry a light turn you have to kind of
like tap it once in a while because the
only two positions you have are like it
and like this which is not realistic
this has 65,000 Plus 65,536 positions
all the way around the wheel which means
if you make a slight adjustment your car
will genuinely make a slight adjustment
so that granularity of control is again
one of the things that sets apart are
more you know legit racing wheel from
something that is well not as legit and
not as well not as expensive I guess but
if you really want to play racing games
and be comfortable and
you know more accurate driving
experience and there you go this seems
pretty pretty awesome actually I kind of
want to try and I wish I had a ps3 I
wish I had the PC version though is
actually what I wish I had but there you
go
so that is my unboxing of the T 500
we're going to pretend it's not the RS
I'm going to call it the T 500 don't
forget to subscribe to Linus tech tips
for more unboxings reviews and other
computer videos